Fix broken link in Service concept page (#39185)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/service.md

* `ClusterIP`: Exposes the Service on a cluster-internal IP. Choosing this value
  makes the Service only reachable from within the cluster. This is the
  default that is used if you don't explicitly specify a `type` for a Service.

>   You can expose the service to the public with an [Ingress](/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/) or the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can expose the service to the public with an [Ingress](/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/service-resources/ingress-v1/) or the
```
I think the reason for 404 is that the `docs/reference/kubernetes-api/service-resources/ingress-v1/` address is missing `/`

Link https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/kubernetes-api/service-resources/ingress-v1/  exists.

Author: Yes, but the old link is the ingress API fields doc, the new link `/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/` is better for ingress introduction.

Reviewer: > Yes, but the old link is the ingress API fields doc, the new link `/docs/concepts/services-networking/ingress/` is better for ingress introduction.

Yes, I agree. The new link is better.
